Brother, you are finally here.
It is this Lu Wushuang who looks down on our Wang family
I have to gamble
Hmph, it turned out to be the Lu family in the village
Just because you dare to look down on my Wang family
What I despise is made for the concubine
Especially you
A scum who does evil in the name of the Peerless Army
Jianghu adults
Please help Wen take revenge
Let this woman strip naked and beg for mercy on the ground
And the road is unparalleled
You kneel on the ground and lick my shoes
I can make your death easier
presumptuous
Keep your eyes open and take a good look at him
Who is that?
Isn't he unparalleled in the village?
We are in the same village
I wouldn't know him.
I don't know who gave you the courage
How dare you attack my brother?
Dare to look down on the Peerless Army
You are the Peerless Army
How can you not know Wushuang Zhi?
Haven't you seen me in the Peerless Army?